The Joe Rogan experience. I want to hear about your parasites. Oh yeah.
So what's going on?
Well, there's still more testing,
but they did find something called schistosomiasis in me. So schisto um,
is from the tropical rainforest of Africa. Um,
I think that's the only place that exists, but it comes from the snails. And so,
because I probably baked not, cause I probably,
I have bathed in the rivers there, um, been in the rivers,
going across mouth. No, uh, they can get into your skin.
And I was real itchy for a couple of weeks there.
And with that was with some of the like parasites, I guess. Um,
what'd you call it there? They're like egg sacks or something that got on me,
got inside of my stomach and my liver, um,
could be potentially even in my brain, in your brain potentially.
So they don't know yet. Well, they, uh, what's today. Today's Wednesday, right?
One day I did my final exams and uh,
I did three full days with his doctor, Dr. Daniel. Amen.
He would be phenomenal for the show, by the way.
He's incredible to two Ted talks, millions.
Of views. You, you, you,
you're such a great promoter of your friends divert and you want to talk about
them. I want to talk about you.
Okay. Let's talk about what's going on with you when you saw him.
Because I kept getting jerked around by all these different doctors. It's this,
it's this it's, this it's this.
And I've had numerous endoscopies to go look in my stomach because why am I
throwing up? And um, one says it is an ulcer and other comes out and says,
your stomach's perfect inside. It's a little red,
but like there's no ulcer whatsoever. Um, and so I have schisto,
I've had an intestinal bacteria that's really bad called Shigella.
I've had malaria three times. I've had dengue fever.
So den gay was in me for at least a month. The CDC found it.
In me. And he's had this parasite and you for a long time. Now how many months?
At least six, um, since April.
And have you been able to train at all during this time? Ups.
And downs?
So I was at the police and fire training center of Oklahoma city and they're
just helping them. Um, there's some really great guys there and, uh,
I was helping them in the fire.
Chief ended up putting me in the cold shower for like 20 minutes. Cause I got,
so they said I got like ghostly white and I started dry heaving and I was just
shaky all over from your parasites. Yeah, Jesus. And so it's an up and down.
I'll I'll start, I'll start getting in shape. I'll start losing weight.
I'll start. Um, I'll start feeling good. And I just crash.
I've had shingles five times, Joe, what? The five times,
what shingles is this stuff? Well, I'm, I'm starting to do hyperbarics um,
hyperbaric oxygen therapy. Um, got a prescription for that and uh,
that's been helping more than anything right now. Um,
I'm trying to have that morning routine protect my sleep eat. Right. Uh,
my wife helps me meal prep.
I have juices all through the day of the superfood coffee.
I ha I I'm doing all the stuff I can. I was on 28 pills a day, uh,
for four or five weeks in a row. This doctor's parasite. Yeah.
Well a whole parasite cleanse because they didn't have a parasite that they
haven't found or that they haven't liked. Um,
that's not because I'm going so remote Joe in the forest,
they think I could have picked up something crazy. So they,
they just did a Lyme Lyme's disease test on me. Uh, this was on Monday,
so Lyme disease. They did a cheek swab from like genetics.
They did a hair, so they cut off like, uh, six different spots of hair,
glowing stocks. Yeah. So they cut that.
My wife was a mom or teasing me because I was like crying about it. I was like,
don't, don't cut it here. Don't cut it here. Um, so they took six spots, uh,
of hair samples from me, um, blood urine stool samples.
Um, they did two different kinds of brain scans on me. Um,
so they literally injected something that was a very minorly
radioactive, um,
in me so that it could light up all of the different spots in my brain activity.
So where there's too much blood flow or there's not enough. Um, and literally,
so one of the things I found on the scan, which I already knew,
but they can test, um,
not just stuff for like CTE or mild traumatic brain injury and TBI
before autopsy. Now these brain scans, um,
they can also test for, um, like PTSD.
And so there's this,
there's this diamond in the middle of your brain and you're only supposed to
have a little bit of activity. They're just very, very small.
But if you have this, what they call the ring of fire,
this diamond of red and white being lit up on the brain scans that literally
shows that you have PTSD. So Coda mirin here, do you know who he is? Yeah.
Dakota. That was an incredible podcast. Meant to text you afterwards. He's.
He's an amazing guy and people have.
I heard that one go back and watch it. It's one of my favorites that you've had,
Dakota's a legitimate.
Hero.
But one of the things that he was saying was that they injected him and this,
do you remember what the blocker was called?
That blockers cagey or whatever the blocker was.
And he described it and he said he completely stopped his PTSD,
cured all of his anxiety. See if you can find it, Jamie,
just so we could reference it. I remember that I sent it to my wife.
She's in psychology right now. She's going to be a counselor.
And I sent that to her because they were talking about PTSD and the teacher
said, oh yeah, that's been around for a while too. And that's what Dakota said.
Yeah.
I think he made it clear. I think they made a clip that Jerry clipped guys did.
What's it going?
Ganglion? Yeah. SGB GB blocker.
Yes. Yeah.
That he said it just instantly alleviated all of his problems. Yeah.
Which is insane. I mean, like my wouldn't you love that the miracle cure,
they give you a shot. Boom. Your problems go away.
Did he say it lasts like a year?
I think he said six months to a year, depending on a kind of,
you have to have other traumatic stuff thinking.
They're doing it even though anything wrong. Yeah. I.
Just want to feel great. Well, this is what's crazy. Oh.
And then Dakota said that, but this Dr. Daniel. Amen. Um, who's got like,
he's a 10 time,
New York times bestselling author and he's got a book about PTSD and
um, basically he was saying that, yeah. Um, that shot really,
really does work. Um, and people have been doing it for years and with veterans,
um, it's one of the quickest.
Do they? You have some PTSD.
Yeah. So he was saying this watch Dakota said,
you just cued that up where or triggered that in my memory where, um,
the most common PTSD is car wrecks.
I think that's what to go to side. Right. Is car wrecks caused the most PTSD,
same spots in your brain, that diamond of fire. Um,
and that's something you can't avoid. Right?
You have to go back and be in public transportation or getting your own car.
Of them from car accidents, not from car accidents.
What do you think you have it from, from.
Some tough stuff? Um, in the rainforest, whether it's Uganda or Congo, um,
we've had to flee from a village.
Whenever a rebel group came into the village next to us and they killed six or
eight people and we're all fleeing across the river and these like little pygmy
dugout canoes, which aren't big enough really for me. Um,
and we're trying to flee across the river before the sun's even up.
And there's like crocodiles and hippos in the water. Um, and then, uh,
and then a couple other really terrible things. I mean, I've,
I've held kids that have died and buried them and dug their graves. And, um,
that's happened numerous times. Uh, we've had machine guns pointed at us. Um,
I won't get into that story too much, but, um, we talked about that.
One of those stories before and someone, someone I love was,
or a bunch of people that I love were with me. And, uh,
so that was really tough because we were unarmed and were being threatened. Um,
and so that was tough. Um, and then, and then some like childhood stuff,
I think, uh, different kinds of abuses and stuff, stuff like that.
Somebody willing to do some public shaming and.
Yeah, I don't want to lose track of what I was asked to share about your health.
Okay. So what, what are they doing and what can they do about what,
what you have? So when you said you might have some crazy,
meaning you might have a parasite, they don't even know yet. Yes.
So that might be in.
That's why the diagnosis or in blood, um, urine,
blood stool, hair and cheek swab seal. So it's possible.
That you have something that like very few human beings I've ever had because.
They have a deep, deep jungle.
Yeah. How long does it take you to get to where you go?
Well, it depends on where, where we go place. Um, okay.
A plane from Oklahoma city to normally Chicago or Dulles or JFK
or Atlanta. And then we go to Amsterdam or London,
or is it Qatar cutter thing? It's guitar, guitar. Okay.
And then we'll fly either from there to Nairobi Kenya or Kigali, Rwanda.
And then from there you connect to, um, Kampala, Uganda.
And then from there you get a private like missions or humanitarian
plane. That's just you and the pilot.
And so you take that plane from there to you, uh,
from Uganda to Congo and then you land,
you do customs and then you get back in the plane and you go and you land on a
runway that normally they've just cleared with machetes. So.
Flying, you're flying from Oklahoma. Let's just say Oklahoma city to JFK,
JFK, to London, two planes. So two to London, London to Kenya,
Kenya, Kenya to Uganda for.
Uganda.
And then you get in the plane again to go out to the ramp. So six planes,
six flights, at least five planes. How many days? Uh,
that's normally two or three days. Geez. And then, um,
30 hours or something of travel.
And then after that you get in a car and it could be six hours.
So where you land used to be in the rainforest,
but you drive six hours now to get to the rainforest because it's deforestation
so bad. The deforestation in the last 25 years,
they've cut down about the size of Texas. It's a pretty wild we've, we've,
we've helped replant 4,000 trees, but that's not even scratching the surface.
Who's deforestation, everybody. Um, uh, it's a lot of,
uh, Chinese, U K um,
and outsiders that come in and exploit the rainforest.
There's a lot of mahogany in the area. Um, what is it, uh, Ebony,
um, there, do they get cheaper.
Prices to do this? No, no, they just do it.
They just send someone in and cut down the trees. So no one calls to do it.
No one stops them. So they just claim the resources they don't have on.
On the border. They might have to pay some sort of bribe or tax.
They call them that wow. Or taxes. They call them that. Yeah. VAT.
That's a Ugandan way to say taxes. And, uh,
then from there that drive that six hours,
sometimes it's taken 25 hours one time and another time it took 47.
Same drive for drive. Why did it take 47? Oh, I.
Think we helped get 40 something cars out of the way, um,
that were stuck in the mud. Um, so it's really silty there.
You don't call a Congo roads, roads. Um, I've never been on tarmac in Congo,
actually. That's why I have been in, uh, on cement in Goma,
but outside of Goma, there are no, uh, concrete roads anywhere,
tarmac roads. So, uh, I've seen an 18 Wheeler or Laurie,
um, three fourths of the way sunk to where his eye up to their window,
the driver's side window up to silt. And now they get it out.
I don't know that one, that one was just kind of in the graveyard.
That one was like a done. No, one's getting that thing out. Really? Yeah.
I mean,
you're going around mountains and you look down to the side and you'll see
4, 8, 12 vehicles that have flipped off.
this.
Justin.
There's some vise videos of it, the craziest roads in the world.
And a lot of them are in Congo. Some say Rwanda,
because there are so many Hills, it's the land of a thousand Hills.
And so there's so many sharp turns and then they take those turns at 40, 50,
60 miles an hour. And so they'll literally just fly off the mountain.
And so you.
Catch this parasite, you've gone through all these tests. I mean, this has been,
I mean, we've been talking about on the podcast for several months now.
So for me hearing that you're still dealing with it is really disturbing.
What can they do about this? What are they going to do? I.
Think getting off that cleanse, I mean,
I was on 28 pills for four weeks, maybe five weeks. Um,
and some of it were like antibiotics,
but I have to stay away from certain antibiotics. Here's the thing,
a couple of things that I know I have PTSD, um, uh,
cause of my brain scans. Um, and then they see in my brain toxicity.
And so, um, the toxicity in my brain, which kind of form these little divots,
um, but not really divots.
It's not really changing the biology or makeup of my brain,
but it's just activity of my brain. Isn't fully developed right there where, um,
or it's it's being toxins are there that are either from meth Liquin or
from Cipro heard of Cipro. What.
Is messaging? What's the first one that flow Quinn. What does that stuff?
That's a malaria.
Drug. Oh Jesus, no malaria drugs take for any reason,
really that used to be the drug of choice for a military.
Now tens of thousands of our military veterans.
If you look up Metro Quinn toxicity, military times, they've done two articles.
One was just a month or two ago. Uh,
but the first one show that tens of thousands of our military veterans have
wrongly been diagnosed with PTSD. And it's been because of this Metro Quinn.
So they never saw war, the Mefloquine toxicity of the brain.
It's like this poison for your brain. Um,
and if you've taken it for like six months, you can have it,
it starts giving you bad nightmares. Um,
you can have different kinds of mood swings and different stuff. Um, health, uh,
joint aches, um, fatigue, all sorts of different things. But, um,
basically what Mefloquine toxicity of the brain does, well,
tens of thousands have been wrongly diagnosed with it when they take it for once
a once a week.
So you take the pill once a week and that was why it was our drug of choice.
Instead of it being every day, where two times a day,
you just take it once a week. Well, when I had malaria,
the three times I was allergic to the normal malaria medication,
quinine and art to fan and um,
some other drugs like doxycyclin and, uh,
Malarone I wasn't responding to those well, I was vomiting. I was, uh,
I was allergic to them.
So Mefloquine my body digested the best or I just took it the best.
So the three times I had malaria,
they gave me two in the morning to midday and two at night.
And so I'm taking six in a day for five to seven days.
And these other guys that were getting Mefloquine toxicity were taking it once a
week for six months.
So I had 30 to 42 in a week's time.
I had six months in a week's time and I did that three different times.
Why are they giving you so much?
It was what my body was responding to against malaria.
The first time I lost 33 pounds in five days. And so I was vomiting,
red and green blood and bile. I lost most of my hearing. Uh,
my peripheral vision started disappearing.
I had some called Blackwater fever where my urine was literally as dark as that,
that black clock, um, take pictures of it. And I didn't,
I should probably should have it freaked me out. Uh, five days I didn't urinate.
And then when I finally did, if you Google, uh, Blackwater fever, one in four,
one in two people that get it, they die. You didn't urinate for how many?
Five days, five days I couldn't pee. Oh my, um, uh, they were trying to, uh,
get IVs in me. My veins were collapsing. Oh, geez. Um, so that was,
that was pretty brutal. Um, but yeah, man, so, uh,
I'm getting my health better there cause I do want to fight again. How.
Can you, if you have this stuff in your brain.
W w um, I'm journaling my road to recovery.
But you don't know what this parasite is. How are they treating it? Like,
what are they, how are they going to get ahead of yourself? Hopefully.
They don't find anything. Cause it just got off those rounds of, uh,
so they're testing me for Lyme disease.
They're testing me for all these kinds of parasites, amoebas, bacterias,
you can find disease in the Congo. Well, I've,
I've been camping out here and I've gotten like a bit by five or 10 texts or
something like that. So, um, but yeah, there there's these wicked kind of ticks.
Um, my record is pulling five roaches out of my beard in one night.
So there's tons of bugs there.
You know? Does, does Oklahoma have that Rocky mountain check?
Not nothing that Northern lone star tick, the one that gives you a meat allergy.
Have you had that? I've I've.
Been bit by that one. I don't think I have a meat allergy though. I hope not.
Yeah. That's a crazy one. Um.
What is it called? Uh, alpha gal, alpha galactose. It's uh,
something that,
it's the reaction that this tick bite gives you.
It makes you allergic to this specific element in red meat. Wow. Yeah,
you can only eat fish and like, if you try to eat meat, you'll get really sick.
Wow. That's crazy. That is crazy. But they're trying to figure it out why,
and this is going to be crazy. Um,
why I'm 32 and I've had shingles five times. Uh, what,
my first time I got malaria.
I don't know if you can see the white in my beard over here,
but I got white in my beard. The first time I had malaria,
the second time I had malaria, I had white come out in my beard down here.
So your body's just freaking out. Yeah. So then now I've got shingles, um,
five times. Um, and then this is going to sound crazy,
but I know I have to have a, uh, this might be too much information,
but I know I have to have a bowel movement whenever my nose starts running. Hmm.
So literally whenever I have to go,
my nose starts running and running and running. How is that connected?
I don't know if that's what they're looking into there like that.
That's just your second brain. And so it's it. I don't know.
It's digestion when your stomach is your second brain, they said, oh,
more than trust your gut. Trust your gut.
It's got literally more neurons in your stomach than in your brain. Really?
That's what the doctor is saying.
No, that's the case with your heart as well. Right?
There's a bunch of neurons in your heart that they're realizing now,
like that whole idea of.
Trusting your heart and trusting your gut.
Like these, these thought processes that people had,
might've actually been based on some intuitive understanding of how the body
actually.
Works. It's really weird. It is weird, really weird,
strange everything everything's connected. Right? Everything's.
Connected. That's not weird really. Okay. I mean,
it makes sense over time and it Oklahoma.
We're like, we have no explanation for that.
And then the doctors out here were like, oh,
that's because this is connected to this. And they did all my blood work,
even though they did more blood labs before I ever came out here,
like a week or two ago,
they still poked me five more times to get more blood work. Uh, because well,
three times they were drawing blood two times.
They were putting that stuff in me so they could do the,
so you're getting better, uh, doctors out here, more, more informed,
more informed. Yeah.